[MUSIC]
We've learned a lot about how to construct
features and approximate functions, but
that was all in the context of making
predictions with a fixed policy.
This week, we'll talk about control
with function approximation.
In this video, we'll start with
a GPI algorithm, Episodic Sarsa.
[SOUND] By the end of this video, you'll
be able to understand how to construct
action-dependent features for
approximate action values and
explain how to use Sarsa in episodic
tasks with function approximation.
Recall that the value function
approximation has two components,
a weight vector and a feature vector.
In a given state,
the value estimate is the dot product
between these two components.
To move from TD to Sarsa,
we need action value functions.
So the feature representation has
to represent actions as well.
[SOUND] One way to do this is to have
a separate function approximator for
each action.
This can be accomplished
by stacking the features.
That is, we can use the same state
features for each action, but
only activate the features
corresponding to that action.
To understand this more clearly,
let's look at an example.
Let's say there are four features and
three actions.
The four features represent
the state you are in.
But we want to learn a function
of both states and actions.
We can do this by repeating
the four features for each action.
Now the feature vector has 12 components.
Here, each segment of four features
corresponds to a separate action.
We call this feature representation
stacked because the weights for
each action are stacked
on top of each other.
Thus, only the features for the specified
action will be active, while though for
the other actions will be set to 0.
[SOUND] Let's see an example
of how to calculate
the action values from a given state.
Let's say that there are four features and
three actions.
The weight factor looks like this.
With stacked features,
we get the following feature vector for
action zero in state s.
We 0 out the features for
the other actions.
So we extract the segment of the weight
vector corresponding to each action.
The action values are then the dot
products between each segment of
the weight vector and the feature vector.
[SOUND] You might think that stacking
features to create action values
is specific to linear function
approximation, but this is not the case.
For example, the common way to represent
action values with a neural network is to
generate multiple outputs,
one for each action value.
This, however, is equivalent to
the stacking procedure we just described.
The neural network inputs the state and
the last hidden layer
produces the state features.
Each action value is computed from
an independent set of weights using
those state features.
The weights for one action value do not
interact with those of another action
value, just like in stacking.
We might want to generalize
over actions for
the same reason generalizing
over state can be useful.
Now how might this work
with a neural network?
We would input both the state and
the action to the network.
There would only be one output.
The approximate action value for
that state and action.
We can do something similar with tile
coating by passing both the state and
action as input.
[SOUND] Okay, we now know how to handle
action values with function approximation.
Let's talk about using Sarsa for
control of function approximation.
The algorithm quite similar
to the tab diversion, so
we will just review the differences.
We use parameterized action value
functions for the action value estimates.
The update also changes to use the
gradient to update the weights similar to
similar gradient TD.
And that's it.
That's the Sarsa control algorithm
with function approximation.
[SOUND] In this video,
we talked about action-dependent features,
and we introduced Episodic Sarsa
with function approximation.
We will cover a few more control
algorithms in the coming lectures,
until next time.